Plans for a simple dashboard interface for OptClimVn3

Want to visualise the following:
1) Status of all models.
2) Job names for all models. This is specific to each model so might require changes to Model classes
3) Cost function for 'logical' parameter sets.
4) Normalised parameter values for 'logical' parameter sets.
5) Normalised obs values for 'logical' obs. Ability to show obsNames or all obs. And to apply transform

Ideally via a web interface or some tabbing interface.
Use very standard technology so easy to deploy.
I think beyond my ability/time/need to deal with.

So, just continue with current monitoring approach for now which just makes an image.
So write a monitor script that produces multiple windows/images with the above info.
Then can just view these images in a browser or image viewer.

Need to have way of setting runSubmit object read only --
    disable writing to file to avoid clashes with running OptClimVn3.

 Set N to some sensible number like 20!  But allow user to change that value



 All plots -- allow refresh on user request. This would do a re-read of the underlying data.
 Provide a function that does that returning what is needed for the plots.

 All plots should allow zoom-in/sub-selection by user.
 AI prompt -- do ask for clarification how I want things to look/work.
  Iteratively working and giving me a limited set of choices at each iteration is best.
 Start by using bokeh. I'd like a static matplotlib version derived from the bokeh version if possible.
// Job Info page
Show table of all models with:
- Model name, status, job name. Status coloured. Last time updated.
- Show jobs in status order and then by most recent change.
- Allow user to filter by status, last #N, last time updated.

// cost function page
Show all logical costs (as just a line ).
x-axis; Name.  y-axis; cost value. Symbol with name for minimum cost.

// normalised parameter & Obs values
Top: Show normalised parameter values for last N logical parameter sets. As heatmap.
x-axis; name. y-axis; param name. Colour by normalised value. Line where min value is.

Bottom: Show normalised obs values for logical obs sets as heatmap.
Allow transformation which changes name to index and applies a linear transform to the obs values.
x-axis name; y-axis obs name. Colour by normalised value.
Allow selection of observations from full list of obs. Default is obsNames.



Allow selection of observations and parameters with default being obsNames and paramNames
Allow selection of last N logical sets with default being all.
Allow font size setting.